Mention that Python keywords are invalid Ansible variable names (#65094)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/playbooks_variables.rst

``foo-port``, ``foo port``, ``foo.port`` and ``12`` are not valid variable names.

> `Python keywords <https://docs.python.org/3/reference/lexical_analysis.html#keywords>`_ are not valid variable names and thus should be avoided:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Python keywords <https://docs.python.org/3/reference/lexical_analysis.html#keywords>`_  such as ``async`` and ``lambda`` are not valid variable names and thus must be avoided.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ``and``, ``as``, ``assert``, ``async``, ``await``, ``break``, ``class``, ``continue``, ``def``, ``del``, ``elif``, ``else``, ``except``, ``False``, ``finally``, ``for``, ``from``, ``global``, ``if``, ``import``, ``in``, ``is``, ``lambda``, ``None``, ``nonlocal``, ``not``, ``or``, ``pass``, ``raise``, ``return``, ``True``, ``try``, ``while``, ``with``, ``yield``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
